# BREEZE 


Breeze is a general-purpose crypto network that operates on the Swell consensus 
proof-of-stake protocol.

It is designed to serve as a decentralized gateway for more specialized 
protocols. In addition to its core functionalities of transferring, depositing, 
and withdrawing fungible tokens, it incorporates a void instruction with a 
general-purpose byte array field. This field can be utilized to provide 
instructions for other protocols.

In this way, Breeze offers three functionalities. First, it provides an 
approximate proof-of-timestamp. Second, it offers a decentralized gateway to 
process permissionless digital actions through the network. Finally, it provides 
an (eventual) consensus over the pool and ordering of those digital actions. 
In addition to these functionalities, specific protocols can be implemented 
directly from the blocks generated by the Breeze network.



## Instructions

Breeze has four instructions

Transfers provides the functionality to move fungible tokens from one wallet 
address to another. Wallet address are naked public keys.
```
Transfer Instruction 
{
  "version": 0,
  "epoch": numeric,
  "from": token,
  "to": [
    {
        Token: token,
        Value: numeric
    }, ...
  ],
  "reason": string
  "fee": numeric,
  "signature": signature
}
```

In order to participate within the validators pool for the proof-of-stake 
consensus network one has to deposit tokens. 

```
Deposit Instruction 
{
  "version": 0,
  "epoch": numeric,
  "from": token,
  "value": numeric,
  "fee": numeric,
  "signature": signature
}
```

Those deposited tokens can be withdraw in part or in total by the withdraw 
instruction

```
Withdraw Instruction 
{
  "version": 0,
  "epoch": numeric,
  "from": token,
  "value": numeric,
  "fee": numeric,
  "signature": signature
}
```

Finally there is a general purpose void instruction that provides information
relevante for sub-protocols implemented through breeze network.

```
Void Instruction 
{
  "version": 0,
  "epoch": numeric,
  "data": byte array,
  "wallet": token
  "fee": numeric,
  "signature": signature
}
```
